send the land to the ruler of the land
send the land to the ruler of the land from Cielo to the wilderness to the
from Cielo to the wilderness to the
from Cielo to the wilderness to the Mount of the daughter of Zion for it
Mount of the daughter of Zion for it
Mount of the daughter of Zion for it shall be as a wandering bird thrown out
shall be as a wandering bird thrown out
shall be as a wandering bird thrown out of the nest so shall be the daughters of
of the nest so shall be the daughters of
of the nest so shall be the daughters of Moab at the Fords of the Arnon take
Moab at the Fords of the Arnon take
Moab at the Fords of the Arnon take counsel execute judgment make your
counsel execute judgment make your
counsel execute judgment make your shadow like the night in the middle of
shadow like the night in the middle of
shadow like the night in the middle of the day hide the outcasts do not betray
the day hide the outcasts do not betray
the day hide the outcasts do not betray him who escapes let my outcasts dwell
him who escapes let my outcasts dwell
him who escapes let my outcasts dwell with you
with you
with you o Moab be a shelter to them from the
o Moab be a shelter to them from the
o Moab be a shelter to them from the face of the spoiler for the extortioner
face of the spoiler for the extortioner
face of the spoiler for the extortioner is at an end
is at an end
is at an end devastation ceases the oppressors are
devastation ceases the oppressors are
devastation ceases the oppressors are consumed out of the land in mercy the
consumed out of the land in mercy the
consumed out of the land in mercy the throne will be established and one will
throne will be established and one will
throne will be established and one will sit on it in truth in the tabernacle of
sit on it in truth in the tabernacle of
sit on it in truth in the tabernacle of David judging and seeking justice and
David judging and seeking justice and
David judging and seeking justice and hastening righteousness we have heard of
hastening righteousness we have heard of
hastening righteousness we have heard of the pride of Moab he is very proud of
the pride of Moab he is very proud of
the pride of Moab he is very proud of his haughtiness and his pride and his
his haughtiness and his pride and his
his haughtiness and his pride and his wrath but his lies shall not be so
wrath but his lies shall not be so
wrath but his lies shall not be so therefore Moab shall wail for Moab every
therefore Moab shall wail for Moab every
therefore Moab shall wail for Moab every one shall wail for the foundations of
one shall wail for the foundations of
one shall wail for the foundations of career assess you Sol mourn surely they
career assess you Sol mourn surely they
career assess you Sol mourn surely they are stricken for the fields of Heshbon
are stricken for the fields of Heshbon
are stricken for the fields of Heshbon languish and the vine of Sigma the lords
languish and the vine of Sigma the lords
languish and the vine of Sigma the lords of the nations have broken down its
of the nations have broken down its
of the nations have broken down its joists plants which have reached to
joists plants which have reached to
joists plants which have reached to Jay's ur and wandered through the
Jay's ur and wandered through the
Jay's ur and wandered through the wilderness her branches are stretched
wilderness her branches are stretched
wilderness her branches are stretched out they are gone over the sea therefore
out they are gone over the sea therefore
out they are gone over the sea therefore I will be wailed a vine of Simha with
I will be wailed a vine of Simha with
I will be wailed a vine of Simha with the weeping of Jays ur I will drench you
the weeping of Jays ur I will drench you
the weeping of Jays ur I will drench you with my tears o hash bond and a liege
with my tears o hash bond and a liege
with my tears o hash bond and a liege for battle-cries have fallen over your
for battle-cries have fallen over your
for battle-cries have fallen over your summer fruits and your harvest gladness
summer fruits and your harvest gladness
summer fruits and your harvest gladness is taken away and joy from the plentiful
is taken away and joy from the plentiful
is taken away and joy from the plentiful field in the vineyards there will be no
field in the vineyards there will be no
field in the vineyards there will be no singing nor will there be shouting no
singing nor will there be shouting no
singing nor will there be shouting no traders will tread out wine in the
traders will tread out wine in the
traders will tread out wine in the presses I have made there shouting cease
presses I have made there shouting cease
presses I have made there shouting cease therefore my heart shall resound like a
therefore my heart shall resound like a
therefore my heart shall resound like a harp for Moab and my inner being for
harp for Moab and my inner being for
harp for Moab and my inner being for couriers and it shall come to pass when
couriers and it shall come to pass when
couriers and it shall come to pass when it is seen that Moab is weary on the
it is seen that Moab is weary on the
it is seen that Moab is weary on the high place that he will come to his
high place that he will come to his
high place that he will come to his sanctuary to pray but he will not
sanctuary to pray but he will not
sanctuary to pray but he will not prevail this is the word which the Lord
prevail this is the word which the Lord
prevail this is the word which the Lord has spoken concerning Moab since that
has spoken concerning Moab since that
has spoken concerning Moab since that time but now the Lord has spoken saying
time but now the Lord has spoken saying
time but now the Lord has spoken saying within three years as the years of a
within three years as the years of a
within three years as the years of a hired man the glory of Moab will be
hired man the glory of Moab will be
hired man the glory of Moab will be despised with all that great multitude
despised with all that great multitude
despised with all that great multitude and the remnant will be very small and
and the remnant will be very small and
and the remnant will be very small and feeble
feeble
feeble [Music]